Readme (#16)
cda-tum/mqt-qudits: README.md

> [!NOTE]
> **The tool is in an experimental stage, which is subject to frequent changes, and has limited documentation.**
> We are working on improving that.

> > In the meantime, users can explore how to use the framework via a [Tutorial](https://mqt--13.org.readthedocs.build/projects/qudits/en/13/tutorial.html), showcasing its main functionality.

Reviewer: That it is not the correct link to use. This just points to a temporary build for the PR. You want to be using: 
```suggestion
> In the meantime, users can explore how to use the framework via a [Tutorial](https://mqt.readthedocs.io/projects/qudits/en/latest/tutorial.html), showcasing its main functionality.
```
